it's a bright Friday morning and the
day for an outtake mrs. Verma is getting
the delighted children ready for the
picnic while mr. Varma heads out to
check the car bonnet check tires check
trunk check fuel check oops the car
insurance policy has expired the
conventional way of renewing the policy
after an inspection will take at least
two days if they are lucky the picnic is
ruined the Varma family is sulking and
the children can't stop cried mrs. Varma
comes up with an idea ICICI Lombard
insurer app has a self inspection option
which helps you get approval the quick
easy and smart way mr. Varma gets a
notification inspection approve the
Varma family is off to enjoy their much
awaited picnic ICICI Lombard insurer
save the day for them
[Music]